INTRO good m, assalam
i am ... along with my groupmates ....... 
welcoming you to our .... final presentation on our project which is Car Dealership System
my groupmate sayem kader will start us off

ACTVITY ITRO activity diagram: is an UML diagram that focuses on the actors of  the system and the flow of their activities. 
for our stakeholders convenience we have divided our activity diagram into 3 parts through swimlane process 

CUSTOMER first, we are gonna start off with the customer and authentication activity, if he is a regitered customer he can directly log in the system 
if he is a new user he will have to sign up for the system. upon completion of the authentication process it lands him on the homepage, 
from there he can navigate through the system, he can either view a car which is already on the homepage or search for a specific car detailing his personal needs or preferancees,
upon selecting the car he can either interact with the car like comment or upvote the item, 
contact the seller via texts which will be hosted internally or call which we will show him the number
or go right ahead and buy. to complete the purchase process we have intergated payment process, 
and we have though about 3 payment methods, either pay via mobile manking , credit cards, or COD to complete the whole process.

SALESMAN next, salesman, who will get into the system through authentication. seller can list an item, or update his inventory via eiditing items, thats pretty muhc it for the seller.

ADMIN finally, admin's role in the system will be to authenticate the logins from customer or sellers, 
he is an admin so he will have access to the internal database and be the most important person of the system

DFD
then, we move on to  DFD,s - dfd are uml diagrams which show the flow of the data in respect to the processes , the external agents and the databases.
our level 0 DFD shows the external agents ..... and the process, and the flow of the data ie ingoing and outgoing data, ingoing to process green outgoing from process red
the customer will send datas and receive datas
seller will send req receive data
admin will send and receive data

level 1 diagram is a more detailed level 0 diagram which allows us to dissect the important process for better understanding , indtroduce the databases and show the flow of data. 
we broke up the proces into 4 parts .........................

we have 3 databases to store necessary data
   